Document Apache Kafka Sink (#3031)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/sink/kafka-sink.md

    NAME                           READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
    eventing-controller            1/1     1            1           10s
    eventing-webhook               1/1     1            1           9s
    kafka-controller               1/1     1            1           3s
    kafka-sink-receiver            1/1     1            1           5s
    ```

## Kafka Sink

A Kafka Sink object looks like this:

```yaml
apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1alpha1
kind: KafkaSink
metadata:
  name: my-kafka-sink
  namespace: default
spec:
  topic: mytopic
  bootstrapServers:
   - my-cluster-kafka-bootstrap.kafka:9092
```

## Kafka Producer configurations

Knative exposes all available Kafka producer configurations that can be modified to suit your workloads.

You can change these configurations by modifying the `config-kafka-sink-data-plane` `ConfigMap` in
the `knative-eventing` namespace.

Documentation for the settings available in this `ConfigMap` is available on the
[Apache Kafka website](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/),
in particular, [Producer configurations](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#producerconfigs).

## Enable debug logging for data plane components

> You enable debug logging for data plane components by changing the logging level to `DEBUG` in the `kafka-config-logging` ConfigMap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable debug logging for data plane components change the logging level to `DEBUG` in the `kafka-config-logging` ConfigMap.
```

Author: Thanks!

    ```

1. Verify that `kafka-controller` and `kafka-sink-receiver` are running:

    ```bash
    kubectl get deployments.apps -n knative-eventing
    ```

    Example output:

    ```bash
    NAME                           READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
    eventing-controller            1/1     1            1           10s
    eventing-webhook               1/1     1            1           9s
    kafka-controller               1/1     1            1           3s
    kafka-sink-receiver            1/1     1            1           5s
    ```

## Kafka Sink

A Kafka Sink object looks like this:

```yaml
apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1alpha1
kind: KafkaSink
metadata:
  name: my-kafka-sink
  namespace: default
spec:
  topic: mytopic
  bootstrapServers:
   - my-cluster-kafka-bootstrap.kafka:9092
```

## Kafka Producer configurations

A Kafka Producer is the component responsible for sending events to the Apache Kafka cluster.
Knative exposes all available Kafka Producer configurations that can be modified to suit your workloads.

You can change these configurations by modifying the `config-kafka-sink-data-plane` `ConfigMap` in
the `knative-eventing` namespace.

> Documentation for the settings available in this `ConfigMap` is available on the

Reviewer 2: Similar to sink. I'd use "config map" here

[Apache Kafka website](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/),
in particular, [Producer configurations](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#producerconfigs).

## Enable debug logging for data plane components

To enable debug logging for data plane components change the logging level to `DEBUG` in the `kafka-config-logging` ConfigMap.

> 1. Apply the following `kafka-config-logging` ConfigMap:

Reviewer 2: I'd go with either "config map" or "`ConfigMap` object"

---

> title: "Apache Kafka Sink"

Reviewer 2: It's not really clear in this section whether it's supposed to explain concepts or teach a user to do individual tasks like install, etc. There seem to be a few procedures jumbled in. Can we make that clearer?

---
title: "Apache Kafka Sink"
weight: 30
type: "docs"
---

## Prerequisites

[Knative Eventing installation](./../../install/any-kubernetes-cluster.md#installing-the-eventing-component).

> ## Installation
> 
> 1. Install the Kafka controller by entering the following command:
> 
>     ```bash
>     kubectl apply --filename {{< artifact org="knative-sandbox" repo="eventing-kafka-broker" file="eventing-kafka-controller.yaml" >}}
>     ```
> 
> 1. Install the Kafka Sink data plane by entering the following command:
> 
>     ```bash
>     kubectl apply --filename {{< artifact org="knative-sandbox" repo="eventing-kafka-broker" file="eventing-kafka-sink.yaml" >}}
>     ```
> 
> 1. Verify that `kafka-controller` and `kafka-sink-receiver` are running,
> by entering the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Installation

1. Install the Kafka controller:

    ```bash
    kubectl apply --filename {{< artifact org="knative-sandbox" repo="eventing-kafka-broker" file="eventing-kafka-controller.yaml" >}}
    ```

1. Install the Kafka Sink data plane:

    ```bash
    kubectl apply --filename {{< artifact org="knative-sandbox" repo="eventing-kafka-broker" file="eventing-kafka-sink.yaml" >}}
    ```

1. Verify that `kafka-controller` and `kafka-sink-receiver` are running:
```

    ```bash
    kubectl get deployments.apps -n knative-eventing
    ```

    Example output:

    ```bash
    NAME                           READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
    eventing-controller            1/1     1            1           10s
    eventing-webhook               1/1     1            1           9s
    kafka-controller               1/1     1            1           3s
    kafka-sink-receiver            1/1     1            1           5s
    ```
   
## Create a Kafka Sink

> A Kafka Sink object looks like this:

Reviewer 2: I would move this conceptual info to the sink readme file and just have the heading "Kafka sink" for a section there.
"## Create a Kafka Sink" would lead me to expect steps under this heading rather than conceptual info first.

spec:
  topic: mytopic
  bootstrapServers:
   - my-cluster-kafka-bootstrap.kafka:9092
```

We can connect any `Source` to the `KafkaSink`, like `PingSource`:

```yaml
apiVersion: sources.knative.dev/v1beta1
kind: PingSource
metadata:
  name: test-ping-source
spec:
  schedule: "*/1 * * * *"
  jsonData: '{"message": "Hello world!"}'
  sink:
    ref:
      apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1alpha1
      kind: KafkaSink
      name: my-kafka-sink
```

We can connect a `Trigger` to the `KafkaSink`, so that we can filter events, before sending them to Apache Kafka,
by applying the following `Trigger`:

```yaml
apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
kind: Trigger
metadata:
  name: my-service-trigger
spec:
  broker: default
  filter:
    attributes:
      type: dev.knative.foo.bar
      myextension: my-extension-value
  subscriber:
    ref:
      apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1alpha1
      kind: KafkaSink
      name: my-kafka-sink
```

## Kafka Producer configurations

Knative exposes all available Kafka producer configurations that can be modified to suit your workloads.

You can change these configurations by modifying the `config-kafka-sink-data-plane` `ConfigMap` in

> the `knative-eventing` namespace.

Reviewer 2: Producer of what, events? Make this clearer

Author: In Kafka a Producer is a well-defined thing, maybe Event Producer can be confusing since sources are sort of event producers.

Reviewer 2: I would explain a brief little bit maybe then what a Producer is in that context so that someone can understand what this is without having to go and read all the Kafka docs about it, does that sound reasonable?

Author: Yes, thanks, I'll update the PR soon.

Documentation for the settings available in this `ConfigMap` is available on the
[Apache Kafka website](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/),
in particular, [Producer configurations](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#producerconfigs).

## Enable debug logging for data plane components

> The following YAML shows the default logging configuration for data plane components, that is created during the
> installation step:
> 
> ```yaml
> apiVersion: v1
> kind: ConfigMap
> metadata:
>   name: kafka-config-logging
>   namespace: knative-eventing
> data:
>   config.xml: |
>     <configuration>
>       <appender name="jsonConsoleAppender" class="ch.qos.logback.core.ConsoleAppender">
>         <encoder class="net.logstash.logback.encoder.LogstashEncoder"/>
>       </appender>
>       <root level="INFO">
>         <appender-ref ref="jsonConsoleAppender"/>
>       </root>
>     </configuration>
> ```
> 
> To change the logging level to `DEBUG`, you need to: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You enable debug logging for data plane components by changing the logging level to `DEBUG` in the `kafka-config-logging` ConfigMap.
```

> 1. Apply the following `kafka-config-logging` `ConfigMap` or replace `level="INFO"` with `level="DEBUG"` to the
> `ConfigMap` `kafka-config-logging`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Apply the following `kafka-config-logging` ConfigMap:
```

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: ConfigMap
    metadata:
      name: kafka-config-logging
      namespace: knative-eventing
    data:
      config.xml: |
        <configuration>
          <appender name="jsonConsoleAppender" class="ch.qos.logback.core.ConsoleAppender">
            <encoder class="net.logstash.logback.encoder.LogstashEncoder"/>
          </appender>
          <root level="DEBUG">
            <appender-ref ref="jsonConsoleAppender"/>
          </root>
        </configuration>
    ```

> 2. Restart the `kafka-sink-receiver`, by entering the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Restart the `kafka-sink-receiver`:
```
